# acadamicProject

************************** Note : Please read the description which can give you better idea about what are the files in each folder, how it works, and what is the output generated by all project, THANK YOU for reading description *******************************************



311lab3 : 
**This folder has Two server files and inside the html folder it has index.html file. 
          I have used Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and AJAX for completeing this project. In this project, I have made two differnt servers using Python programming language. 
          Both servers are identical but they are differ in the port numbers they listen from. For, the server1.py file port number is 8000 and for the 8001 port number. In this 
          folder there is a file name statsGen.py which will generate the random numbers. So, both the server files are using the statsGen.py file and sending the random generated 
          numbers to server. Now, in index.html file I have created simple we page using HTML and CSS with some background page. In this file, I have used two divs which is to
          display on webpage from bothe servers. On, we page you can see the random numbers are genearted in every second, and if you want to see other random numbers then you 
          have to click on the given button where I am using JavaScript and AJAX.
          This project is combination of back-end and front-end technologies.
 
MedianHeapAlgo: **This folder has hpp and cpp file of min heap, max heap and median heap. It also had main.cpp file. In this folder I have a source code for the median heap algorithm using the min heap and max heap algorithm. when you will run the program it will show the ouput of 15 random generated numbers from 100 to 999 in the tree formatted. This will show the medain of this tree and it will remove the median from the heap and then it will show the updated median heap.

MergeShortAlgo: **This folder has main.cpp file which has an imlementation for the merge short algorithm. This will genearate grid of 25 by 25. So, out put is available in point.txt file. I have also attached sunflower.dem file in this folder and I have implemented this ouput on GnuPlot which shows nice design which is genarted by this program.

          
assign1 : **This folder has c++ code for rabbit and carrot game. As you will run the assign1.cpp file it will show an overview of whole game, which means you have to follow some rules and regulation for playing this game. First, it will ask you that, do you want to play a game or not? If you want to play a game then press (Y or y) and for quit the game, please press (N or n) and then it will show you bye message. Now, It will ask you to enter a number for the size of grid you want to play on and you can enter a number between 4 and 16 (inclusive). After that it wil show you n by n grid with some randomly generated food, character x is for the food and character R is for the Rabbit. Also it will show the current life of rabbit. Then it will ask you to enter your move and in which direction you want to move your rabbit. For moving the rabbit there are some key you can press For example, for going right side press 'd', for going left side press 'a', for going up side please press 'w', and for down side please press 's'. If you will enter any other number or character then it will ask you again,and we are assuming that you only enters a single charcater. Now if you will move rabbit towards the food and if rabbit successfully, able to eat food then it will increase your health by 2. If the cell you move to has no food then it will decrease helth by 1. If the rabbit's health reaches to zero then rabbit will go into hiberation and, you lose the game. If the rabbits eat all the food then you will win the game. In the end, It will ask you to restart the game and if you wish to play again then please enter 0 if u wan to play again and for quit enter any other number. Are you ready for playing the game?



          
          
